capital = 330

set_technology = {
	tech_trucks = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
}

set_oob = "MON_2056"

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "SLO_1939_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "SLO_1939_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

recruit_character = MON_anandyn_amar
recruit_character = MON_mingzhu_zhanshan
recruit_character = MON_fu_shangzhi
recruit_character = MON_songgotu_kangan
recruit_character = MON_haidav
recruit_character = MON_dagva
recruit_character = MON_chimid
recruit_character = MON_sukhbaataryn_yanjmaa
recruit_character = MON_ganbaatar
recruit_character = MON_ulanhu
recruit_character = MON_vg_pyrselov
recruit_character = MON_lee_shou_hsin
recruit_character = MON_buyannmeh
recruit_character = MON_horloogiyn_choybalsan
recruit_character = MON_olziytrygyn_badrak
recruit_character = MON_dashdorj
recruit_character = MON_gomgchigryn_bumtsend
recruit_character = MON_dansrabilegyin_dogsam
recruit_character = MON_yundunwangcug
recruit_character = MON_pai_yun_ti

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "2052.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 89
	fascism = 11
}

